What fake order?
Impossible, Master Liu is the official of the court.
I don't know if the saints are fake.
It's a major crime to kill the Nine Clans.
You're all fooled by him.
He's sure.
You will absolutely not believe his false claims.
So play a black match under the lights.
Let's talk about that guard.
There is no holy book in his hand.
Yes, he just said you had instructions.
There is no real saint.
Oh, I know.
This school of Watchmaking is indeed a hypothetical saint.
Hey, I took a look and found out I just did.
Master Liu
The Holy Father is the King of Peace.
Don't tell me if this is real or fake.
Even if Your Majesty wants to abolish the throne of An Ninh King.
There's got to be a new royal decree, right?
Wei is right.
Master Liu, if you don't come out as a saint,
You are a fake order.
This is a crime of deception.
There are saints.
Back to the adults.
Your Majesty has only one message.
There is no saint.
Ha ha ha ha
It is a false saint.
I know that.
Save Xiang to protect this rural woman
They lie to deceive us.
Master Liu, you just told me to be bold.
I see that you are unscrupulous.
Save School Canh
How dare you because of a sinful woman who tore up the holy code?
False order
You're dead. You're dead.